What Are Points?
There are two types of points available: Dining Points and Paw Points.

Dining Points
All students with unlimited meal plans will have 150 Dining Points loaded onto their TigerCard on August 30, 2025, corresponding with the start of the fall semester. An additional 150 Dining Points will be loaded onto the TigerCards of students with unlimited meal plans at the start of the spring semester for a total of 300 Dining Points per year. Dining Points can be used to buy food and non-alcoholic beverages at all on-campus dining locations and select off-campus locations. Sophomores have the option to apply points to eating club or eating co-op spring dues. You can make a request to apply points to your eating club or co-op dues here during the month of February each year. 

Dining Points have a 1:1 value to dollars. Unused points from the fall roll over to the spring. All unused points at the end of the academic year expire. 

LOG InManage account, add points, and check balance

Paw Points
All TigerCard holders can add Paw Points to their card which can be used to purchase any item, including food and non-alcoholic beverages, at the locations listed below. Paw Points are refundable and do not expire. 

Paw Points on cards distributed by University departments (white card) may only be redeemed at on-campus locations.

Log in Manage account, add points, and check balance

Add Points Add points without logging in

 

Where Are Points Accepted?
Dining Points
On campus
Chemistry Cafe
Coffee Club
EQuad Cafe
Frist Campus Center
Frist Food Gallery
Witherspoon's
Genomics Cafe
Mosaic Restaurant (Princeton Art Museum)
Prospect House
Residential dining halls
Shultz Cafe
Studio 34
Tiger Concessions
Tiger Tea Room
U-Store (36 University Place location)
Off campus
Alfalfa
Ficus
Jammin' Crêpes (Nassau Street location)
Jules Thin Crust
Junbi
Lan Ramen
Mamoun's
MTea
Noodle House
Olsson's Fine Foods
Princeton Soup & Sandwich Company
Small World Coffee (Witherspoon Street and Nassau Street location)
The Bent Spoon
Thomas Sweet (Nassau Street location)
XiBei
Paw Points
All locations where Dining Points are accepted plus:
Campus Recreation/Dillon Gym
DBar (Graduate College)
Labyrinth Books (122 Nassau Street)
Print and Mail Services (201 Nassau Street location)
The Service Point (New South, A Level)
U-Store (114-116 Nassau Street location)
How to Pay with Points
Points are loaded onto your TigerCard. You must present your TigerCard to make eligible purchases. 